# ADP Video Pipeline

## Working Features (updated: 25 May)

1. Scene detection & optimised video processing pipeline
2. Document processing pipeline

## Planned Features (updated: 25 May)

- (**LIVE**) Deployment of FastAPI
- **Frontend dashboard**:
  1. Can upload & Process a video
  2. Can upload & Process Document
  3. Video Pipeline settings (based on processed document fields)
  4. Dynamic video processing (based oN settings)
- Handling live Video feed URLs for static cameras
- Adaptive detection (rolling variance average) for body camera footage scene detection

## Branches

- deploy : Final branch
- dev : Staging branch
- [name]-[optional:feature_name]

---

# OLD STUFF (removing soon ...)

### Liano

#### P1 Deployment of FastAPI
(**1 - 2 hours**)
- [ ] Build and document a strategy for deploying FastAPI (securely but keep it simple). 
> You must deploy the FastAPI onto an Ubuntu server (version <= 24) using Docker.

(**2 - 4 hours**)
- [ ] Build a Docker container composed of the pgai, vectoriser worker, and FastAPI images and push to the `deploy` branch.
- [ ] Deploy the Docker Compose onto the server.

#### P2 Document pipeline 
- [ ] Upload a JSON containing the forms fields for a document (**MERGE WITH BRANDEN P3)**
- [x] Integrate technical document processing within the pipeline ([Qwen3-1.7B-GGUF](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/Qwen3-1.7B-GGUF))
  - [x] Database integration(use database_service.py and add create table to database_setup.py)
  - [x] Convert JSON fields into a query 

### Dylan

#### P1 Frontend dashboard
(**1 - 2 hours**)
- [ ] Scope dashboard functionality.
- [ ] Build a **simple** Django frontend according to the scope. (Only use Bootstrap for CSS and JS functionality)

#### P2 Audio pipeline
(**2 - 4 hours**)
- [ ] Integrate audio to text within the pipeline ([Qwen2-Audio-7B-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/Qwen/Qwen2-Audio-7B-Instruct))
  - [ ] Database integration(use database_service.py)
- [ ] Build vectorisers for the table.

### Branden

#### P1 Video processing pipeline
(**1 - 2 hours**)
- [ ] Finish with video processing 1.0 (MVP) optimisations.

(**4 - 8 hours**)
- [ ] Test video pipeline with 4-hour video and achieve a 1min:1min ratio with processing times.

#### P2 Automate the setup of server instances (MERGE WITH LIANO P1)
(**1 - 2 hours**)
- [ ] Server setup commands with Docker.
- [ ] Test build on new instance.

#### P3 Video Processing & Document Processing integration
(**2 - 4 hours**)
- [ ] Integrate system prompts with document form field JSON generated by document processing pipeline **(MERGE LIANO P2)**
